Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Wait. wait.
- What?
- No. it's OK.
- It came out. that's all.
- OK.
- You like it?
- Make it more lively.
- More lively?
- Go faster.
- You want to go on top?
- No. just carry on.
- I can't...
- Faster. Fernando. god damn it!
I'm out of breath.
I can't go any faster.
This is Fernando. my ex.
The guy I swore
I'd never hook up with again.
That was so amazing. babe.
- Wasn't that amazing?
- Yeah. whatever.
What does that mean?
Well...
As you can see.
my sex life left a lot to be desired.
But love and sex
were never my priorities.
I'm going to take a shower.
But believe me...
- Shall I get you soapy?
- Aren't you going to be late?
that's because I had
no idea what was coming.
By the way.
my name's Judith. Judith Flores.
A few months ago.
all I could think about
was becoming the youngest
account executive in the history
of Müller Farmaceutics.
But what you want from life
is one thing
and what you get is another.
Sorry.
They say the first ten lines
of a novel are the most important.
Those ten lines can seduce you
and make you stay
to find out the rest of the story.
Well. Eric and I didn't
even need ten seconds.
Miguel. Miguelito.
Good morning.
- Hi. Mónica.
- Come in.
TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT
So? Game and beers?
I have to finish this report.
Don't be such a loser.
- Shall we go for dinner?
- I'm finishing
the branch office's Q1.
Good. Send it to me later.
Mónica. sorry. it may not
be a good time.
but I was wondering
if you'd considered
my promotion to finance? I've been
- here three years now...
- You're right. It's not a good time.
- What about you. Miguel. you up for it?
- Me?
I'd have dinner. lunch
and tea with you if you wanted me to.
Let's go then. it's getting late.
See you tomorrow.
- Traitor.
- I'm a sellout.
JUDITH FLORES - DATA ANALYST
- Next time. it's on me.
- When you earn the same as me. maybe.
I'll have to pay you back
for dinner somehow though. right?
Oh. really?
What do you have in mind?
With you?
All sorts.
Careful. Miguel. I'm still your boss.
In the office maybe.
but here. I'm in charge.
OK. then.
Who's the boss now?
OK.
OK...
Damn. Mónica.
- Are you horny?
- Yes.
- Want me to fuck you?
Don't move.
Oh. yeah.
Shit.
You can shut up.
You spend all day licking your balls
and I don't say anything.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Turned out to be a nice day.
Hard to tell from in here.
Yeah. you're right.
Are you OK?
Honestly. I've always hated elevators.
If the door doesn't open soon.
I'm going to become a ball of nerves.
Ball of nerves?
When you get hysterical.
start frothing at the mouth
and your head starts spinning
like the girl from The Exorcist.
And you get a rash
on your neck like me.
Don't do that.
It'll make it worse.
Want some gum?
I'm going to have some.
It's strawberry flavor.
Judith Flores.
Nice to meet you. Ms. Flores.
And you?
What's your name?
Eric.
You didn't tell me
- you were coming today.
- I didn't think I had to.
Have you met Judith Flores?
She wrote the report I sent you.
Mr. Zimmerman.
I'm so sorry about your father's death.
From now on. I'd prefer to keep
my father out of this office.
Eric. we have a lot to discuss.
- Shall we go to my office?
- After you.
Did you see our new boss?
He's a Nordic god!
To me. he looks like the typical...
Calvin Klein model
with zero personality.
That'll do me.
Gods wears underwear too.
I wish I was his underwear!
This all has to be rewritten.
He didn't like
the restructuring proposal.
Maximize profits by any means.
The typical strategy of a rich kid
who's just inherited the company.
He wants to light the fuse
without any fireworks.
And who ends up getting burnt?
Us. that's who.
Because he's untouchable.
Judith.
Are you listening to me?
Yes.
- Untouchable.
- Sweetie...
It looks like he wants to
get rid of the branch offices.
Hasn't he seen the numbers?
I doubt he's even read them.
It has to be redone
with the new targets.
The offices that
don't perform will be out.
- But. by when?
- For today. Judith. We need it now.
Bosses are capricious.
Get used to it.
Close the door.
- What?
- Close the door. Judith.
I love empty offices.
What if Judith's still here?
All the better.
She might relax
and forget about work.
Look...
She's left the report and gone home.
We're...
all alone.
So. tell me...
How are you going to fuck me today?
The question is...
How are you going to fuck me. Mónica?
You like to watch?
Mr. Zimmerman. I thought...
you'd left. I...
I left the new numbers on your desk.
Call me Eric.
You're my boss. so if you don't mind.
I'll call you Zimmerman. Mr. Zimmerman.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
Stay here with me.
Personal relationships between
company employees are forbidden.
Being forbidden is what makes it hot.
No?
This is wrong.
- What's wrong?
- All of it.
Them. us here.
- watching them like...
- Like you're enjoying it.
I'll pick you up at eight
for dinner tomorrow.
- No!
- Why not?
Because you're my boss
and I don't date my bosses.
This one. you do.
I could be your downfall. Mr. Zimmerman.
Isn't that what makes it hot?
- Get off.
- What?
Curro.
Let's have a chat. mom to son.
What's up? I bought you a toy.
Don't you like it?
No? You couldn't give
a damn about the toy!
Off you go.
Not that I don't like it.
but perhaps
a little informal for dinner.
Mr. Zimmerman. did you get
my address from the company files?
I thought we'd arranged to go out.
Thinking obviously
isn't your best quality.
Excuse the interruption.
I made a mistake.
See you on Monday.
Mr. Zimmerman.
Wait for me downstairs.
Give me an hour!
Nice car.
It's going to be hard.
Pretending there's no pain.
that everything's the same.
Hiding imperfections and faking it.
How beautiful happiness is.
In Bavaria they do things properly.
I was born in Berlin.
but I see you know
your cars. Ms. Flores.
I'm impressed.
I'm full of surprises. Mr. Zimmerman.
To Moroccio. Tomás.
I've always wanted
to drive one of these.
It's a very powerful car.
Do you think you could
handle it. Ms. Flores?
I have absolutely
no doubt. Mr. Zimmerman.
And if we're going out for dinner.
call me Judith. or Jud.
I like Jud.
It's hot in here. isn't it?
Mr. Zimmerman.
it's a pleasure to see you again.
Please follow me.
Jud.
Sea urchin can be
a challenge for the mind.
The first bite might be unpleasant.
but sometimes it's worth
putting our prejudices to one side
so we can stop and savor it.
Take all the time you need. Jud.
Do you like it?
No.
I've never liked it.
But...
It's OK. it tastes of the sea.
It reminds me of home.
In my defense. I got trapped there!
OK? I didn't want
to be there either time.
No need to justify yourself. Jud.
Not to me.
Aren't you having dessert?
If you don't mind.
I'll try some of yours.
Sure.
Take what you like.
Jud.
How far are you willing to go?
As far as we end up going. right?
What is this. Eric?
A game.
We can stay here and watch.
Or we can join in.
No. no...
No...
- This was a mistake. There's no way.
- Jud.
Shut up.
Shit!
SORRY
THANKS FOR DINNER
Hi. Currito.
Want to play with your little mouse?
Yes?
Come on. old guy.
Let's play a little bit. shall we?
I bet that's your special food.
Porsche delivery?
Don't tell me we arranged
a date without me realizing.
I wanted to see you.
Just answering my text
would've been good.
Hey...
And who are you?
Curro.
How you doing. little one?
Are you sick?
He's getting on a bit. yeah.
Can I come in?
Want something to drink too?
I want you to get dressed.
What for?
So we can spend Sunday together.
I've got plans.
I'll come with you.
Yeah... Look. Eric...
I don't know what to say.
You come over with no warning.
After last night's
- little show.
- Dinner was perfect.
Some of it was. yeah. until
you played that trick with the curtain.
Look. Jud.
I understand if
my games aren't your thing.
I don't think I'm
what you're looking for.
It's a shame.
Because I like you a lot.
How do you know what I'm looking for?
I come to the shelter once a week
and walk as many dogs as I can.
Do you like animals?
Yes. I like them.
- Do you have a pet?
- No.
- A cat. a dog...
- A tortoise. a canary...
- No.
- A fish?
Animals need time
and I don't have much of that.
You find time for the things you want.
Or maybe you're scared
of getting your suit dirty.
- Am I right?
- What?
Could be...
Prove it. Kneel down.
Kneel down properly!
Now. be brave and get dirty!
You rich folk
sure know how to live well.
Thanks.
I was saying you rich people
know how to have a good time.
Everything has a dark side.
Can we listen to this?
Tell me about it.
The dark side.
It's hard to put it into words.
OK.
So. let's talk about something else.
What do you want to talk about?
How about...
how you got your jacket...
all covered in dog hair.
For example.
It's...
really...
really dirty.
- You think?
- Yes.
And...
you're going to have to take it off.
Tell me. Jud.
Do you want to play?
OK.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Anything?
Great.
Jud.
Tell me what you want.
Fuck me.
There was someone else in the room?
She's my best friend.
- And you enjoyed it.
- What the fuck?
- I thought you wanted to play.
- I wanted
to play with you. Eric. not a random
stranger and without my consent!
Turn it off.
- Judith.
- Turn it off!
- Fucking turn it off!
- Judith.
I'm sorry.
No. you're not.
you fucking pervert. Turn it off!
Judith.
- Judith. Judith...
- Don't touch me!
Don't touch me!
Judith. I'm sorry.
- It was a surprise. If I'd told you...
- If you'd told me.
what? I'd have said no
and you knew that!
There's a name for that!
- Judith. please.
- And it's not a game.
This is sex for me. Judith.
- I'm used to all this...
- You're used to having
whatever the fuck you like.
You know why?
You're a fucking rich kid.
You've fought for nothing in life
and you deserve
nothing of what you have!
Nothing!
Count yourself lucky. Mr. Zimmerman.
if I don't report you for this.
Do you get it?
OK. Judith.
Judith.
can you come here a moment. please?
Everything OK. Mónica?
Eric needs someone to go with him
to visit the branch offices
in Barcelona.
Sure. You should go.
No. I have too much work here.
Eric thought that.
since you wrote the report.
you could go.
Ms. Flores. the offer of course
includes a considerable bonus.
by means of
a thank you.
Well...
I'm grateful for
the offer Mr. Zimmerman.
but...
I've wasted a lot of time
writing reports for you
and I'm behind on my other work.
Besides. the last data you showed me
made it clear what
you expect from the numbers.
Ms. Flores. by any chance.
do you still have the data
we talked about last time?
Well... I'd have to
- look through my files.
- Please do.
I'd very much like to know your opinion
before moving on from this matter.
There's nothing to discuss.
I've made my opinion clear.
Anything else. Mónica?
No. that'll be all.
- Thank you.
Curro.
Curro?
What's wrong?
What's wrong. Curro?
Curro...
Jud.
Please. let me say something.
What's wrong. Jud?
I'm going to cover your suit in snot.
That's what it's there for.
I haven't forgiven you yet.
I didn't know I had
all this in the refrigerator.
No. you only had cookies.
I asked Tomás
to bring the rest.
You have to try the toast.
Were you serious about Barcelona?
Do you know anyone more serious than me?
What if I don't want to play?
No problem.
There are lots of
women I can sleep with.
but none of them can defend
the branch office project like you. Jud.
Look.
I need you to understand
that this is the way I am.
I'm not looking to fall in love.
or to fall asleep in someone's arms.
I like to play and experiment
and I'm sure we can have fun together.
but it won't be exclusive.
I'll think about it.
You shouldn't keep Tomás waiting.
I'm going to take a shower.
Yes. read it again. please.
From the beginning.
No. I don't like that sentence at all.
Separate rooms.
- Absolutely.
- And if I'm going to play.
I need to know the rules first.
No surprises.
I'm serious.
So am I.
Does that mean
you're coming to Barcelona?
Well. for the moment it means
I need help with the photocopier.
You can get that if it's important.
It's not important.
Am I dreaming that I'm with you?
Or am I really with you?
I'm thinking about sending you a heart.
If too much time passes.
I'll change my mind.
I'm confused.
I'm shaking.
I want you so. so. so. so bad.
WEATHER BARCELONA:
14 DEGREES WITH LIGHT SHOWERS
The thing that happens to me
when I'm with you is...
What?
I can't tell the difference
between complicated and easy.
What's good and what's bad.
What's right and what's wrong.
What's real and what I've invented.
What I've dreamed
and what's really happened.
What's possible and what's not...
Amanda. this is Ms. Flores.
Nice to meet you.
Amanda is our finance director.
The numbers and targets
you used to write the report are hers.
I was telling Eric that those numbers
are no good anymore.
Since Eric took over. the Müller brand
has lost credibility
in the investors' eyes
and our market numbers
have gone down.
They're afraid he's the typical
heir who ends up sinking
the whole family empire.
so many are now opting
to invest in businesses with
leadership that's more... conservative.
Sorry. I don't understand.
Our numbers are the same as before...
- "Das Blendwerk".
- What?
The market doesn't care about numbers.
only who's behind them.
Shall we go?
The metrics show the Q1
forecast will be off by two digits.
Allergies. high temperatures...
YOU'RE SO SEXY.
There's more pollen than average.
Peaks of up to 800
per 1000 grains per cubic meter.
even in the metropolitan area.
That'll boost antihistamines...
I WAS EXPECTING
YOUR MESSAGE LAST NIGHT
Marketing is working
with Comms to make sure
our focus is on the central area.
It's important that pharmacies
have tri-lingual people working there
and it's vital...
Ladies and gentlemen.
excuse me interrupting the meeting.
but I need a few minutes.
If you wouldn't mind leaving.
Not you. Ms. Flores.
I need you to help me.
What's the matter. Jud?
Why did you bring me here. Eric?
Why am I here if
your finance director. slash lover
wanted to throw weeks
of my work in the trash?
If I'd known I was going
to be a third wheel.
I would've stayed in Madrid working.
or doing whatever I wanted.
Why are you laughing?
Jud...
We've already talked about this.
Someone might come in.
Isn't that what makes it hot?
You're incredible.
Jud.
I want you to come
somewhere with me tonight.
Just you and me.
- Just you and me?
- Yes.
- Really?
OK.
What now?
Oh my God.
Give me my panties!
Is everything resolved?
There are a few things pending.
but they can wait.
OK. then...
Shall we continue?
There are lots of ways to play. Jud.
For example.
for me.
the biggest erogenous zone on the body
is the person I decide
to share myself with.
Your pleasure is mine. Jud.
And if I don't like something?
If you don't like it.
don't do it.
That's the great thing about playing.
Put your taboos to one side
and discover yourself
and your body.
The first thing I learned when I started
is that the mind is
a powerful stimulator of pleasure.
For example.
without touching you.
I can imagine running
my tongue across your lips.
I take my time.
so that when the time comes.
you're exploding with desire.
See how they're looking at you?
They want to fuck you. Jud.
How does that make you feel?
It turns me on.
Open your legs.
I'm going to turn the stool around.
Don't close your legs.
Is that OK with you?
Do it.
Jud.
Tell me what you want.
You're tickling me.
Eric?
Are you OK?
Eric. Open up.
Go to your room.
- Eric.
- Judith. please.
Yesterday's meeting went very well.
From now on.
Amanda Fisher will be
my direct link to the branch offices.
You did a good job. Ms. Flores.
You deserve some days off.
Are you sending me on vacation?
When you're ready.
a car will take you to the airport.
- Let's go?
- Yes.
Sorry. could we change
direction for Jerez. please?
I didn't feel like jumping again.
I stood to one side.
not knowing what to do.
My girl.
I've been here for years.
searching for happiness.
or just to wake up.
But no place is the wrong place.
What does it matter?
Everything will be OK.
But my body's so tired of faltering.
So. I'll leave. carry on my way.
I'll see you at six.
In the café.
I'll leave.
Auntie!
Now we'll say everything will be OK.
while we drink some tea.
And at six.
we'll argue about what
we have to do to grow.
I'll leave. Everything's fine
because it always was fine.
And everything will be OK.
So. I'll leave. carry on my way.
And with my ego I'll see
what I can do.
I'll leave this place.
I'll leave. Ciao.
Too many drugs. not enough spirit.
And I love drugs
and I love spirit.
Come and dance.
Come with your spirit.
And I'm always trying to understand
things that have to do with being.
And I'm always trying to dream.
but in the end.
all you have to do is watch.
I have a royal palace inside of me.
Full of rooms where I can skate.
Too many drugs.
Not enough spirit.
And I love drugs.
And I love spirit.
Come and dance.
Come with your spirit.
Evil doesn't exist.
There is only spirit.
I'd missed you so much.
Well?
- Did the beast behave itself?
- Totally.
- Sure.
- Well...
What?
The front suspension's a tiny bit soft.
Some of the landings were tricky.
- I didn't realize.
- It's OK.
- I'll fix it right now.
- Dad.
Damn it.
What are you doing here. Eric?
I missed you.
That's nice.
What else?
- I don't understand.
- What else
do you have to say to me?
Because if you thought
I'd run into your arms
because you said you missed me.
you've got another thing coming!
You're right.
In Barcelona. I...
You what?
Go on.
Jud...
I want you in my life.
I don't know what else to say.
I'm sorry.
It's not that easy. Eric.
Do you see what you did?
You used your position
as boss to push me away.
Why? Because you're scared?
What the fuck?
I'm lost. Jud.
Tell me what I have to do.
Honey.
- Dad.
- Is there a problem?
This is Eric Zimmerman.
Eric. this is my father.
- Manuel.
- It's a pleasure. Don Manuel.
Wow. Don Manuel!
He's not from around here. is he?
You don't like motorbikes either.
do you?
I like driving them.
Good.
And riding pillion?
Pillion?
Aren't you going too fast?
Remember where you took me
for dinner on the first night?
- Is this revenge?
- No...
That guy there is Julius Cesar.
And that hottie up there is Hercules.
I'd say the two of you
look kind of similar.
What's this place been?
It's been a museum of anthropology.
it's been a library.
it's been...
I don't know what else it's been.
- Do you come here a lot?
- To Jerez?
With the hours you make me
work at Müller? I wish!
But I've enjoyed coming here now
and seeing the streets where I grew up
through your eyes. because...
It's like. suddenly I get
why my mom fell in love with this city.
She's not from Andalusia.
She's Catalan.
Anyway...
And yours?
She's Spanish.
That's why my Spanish is so good.
Well. so good. so good...
How about some humility. Mr. Zimmerman.
- I'll teach you some words.
- Judith! How are you?
I have to deliver this.
See you later.
- Judith.
- Fernando.
What's up. girl?
What a surprise!
Fernando.
Eric Zimmerman.
Zimmerman.
Same name as your boss.
- Funny that.
- Yeah.
- It's a bit complicated.
- Yeah. I can imagine.
Can we talk a moment. Judith?
You and I. Alone.
This isn't exactly a good time.
Judith.
Please.
Are you OK?
Yes.
Take all the time you need.
It's OK.
Look...
- Mr. Superman!
- What are you doing?
Why are you insulting him?
What's your problem?
Why are you with him after what happened
- at the party?
- Nothing happened!
We're just friends.
- We've been doing this for months.
- Friends. Judith?
- So don't act surprised.
- Your boss?
- So what?
- You're going to be the death of me.
One of these days.
- I'll find out there's dozens more.
- Fernando. chill.
That's enough.
Judith. listen to me.
No. I won't.
You're just another girl
to that Superman dude.
but to me. you're special.
Baby.
Fernando. our time is over.
- Let's go for a drink and...
- No.
Sorry.
- Everything OK?
- Yes.
Damn exes. right?
Now that you're the boss
of Müller Farmaceutics.
couldn't you invent
a pill for lovesickness?
I think they
call those anti-depressants.
No. I mean...
It would be a pill you could take
and it'd be like...
"Oh. Judith doesn't
love me anymore. oh well!
I'll take a pill and move on
to the next one. Thank you!"
- I know what you mean.
- You do?
I'm going to be reminded of
his stupid face all vacation.
I think I can fix that.
I wanted to ask if you'd come
with me to meet some friends.
Friends. or "friends"?
All my friends like to play. Judith.
No way. unless
you hardly have any friends.
You'd be surprised.
- Where are these friends of yours?
- Close by.
They have a house in Zahara.
And...
They've invited us to a party...
A really big one. but...
I'll only go if you go.
"Party" makes it sound like a big deal.
Judith. look.
you don't have to decide now.
We can go to Zahara
and then see how you feel.
Auntie. please don't go!
Mom only lets me have
chocolate omelets when you're here.
- Cause they're disgusting!
- Honey.
Meanie! I'll leave some chocolate
in your room.
What's all this. Dad?
Just some food for you to take.
I'm not going to Madrid.
I'll have it if she doesn't want it.
Oh. go on. look.
You've got some collard greens
and this ox tail
is out of this world.
And some sea anemone too.
You think he's tried sea anemone?
He doesn't even
have a clue what it is. Dad.
That's enough. we can't eat all this!
Sh! In your country. "delicatessen"!
Sea anemone.
Oh my God. let's go!
- Hey. your suitcase.
- Thanks.
Aren't you forgetting something?
- What?
- A hug.
I'm going to miss you so much.
- Listen.
- What?
Take care of the Kartoffel.
He looks at you the way
I looked at your mother.
It's been a pleasure. Don Manuel.
You can drop the "Don".
Just Manuel.
You and me. family.
Give me a hug!
OK. Manuel...
And thanks for the sea anemone.
Take care of her.
Let's go.
It's eight o'clock in the morning.
One hour less in the Canary Islands.
Good sunshiny morning
in our beloved Andalusia.
We continue playing the best music.
Now. here's a song from Malú.
that I'm sure you all know well.
"White and Black".
Here it goes.
I know there weren't enough reasons.
I know there were too many motives
with you.
because you're killing me
and now I can't live without you.
Ms. Flores. you're a terrible singer.
You say white. I say black...
You say come
and I say go.
Look at this life in color...
BETTA
INCOMING CALL
Aren't you going to answer it?
No.
Eric. who's Betta?
It's none of your business.
OK. Great.
Judith. slow down.
Who's Betta?
Judith!
What?
I said. who is Betta?
OK. OK. OK.
Slow down.
Stop. please.
Betta is my ex.
- We were together two years. until...
- Until?
Until she slept with my dad.
Wow!
Wow...
I caught them in bed together one day
and I decided to end the relationship.
With both of them.
I don't know why...
I didn't tell you before.
I guess...
it's hard for me
to let people into my life.
Thanks for telling me.
I'll give you my love.
I'll give you my life.
Despite the pain.
you're the one who inspires me.
We're not perfect.
just poles apart.
While I'm by your side.
I'd always try
and what I wouldn't give...
- Friends.
- Eric.
Judith.
Just in time for le petit déjeuner.
Judith. this is Frida and Andrés.
two good friends.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to see you again.
I don't think we've met.
- Yes. yes. you have.
- Where?
You hungry?
- How are you?
- Good.
Are you saying the woman in the video
was you?
Oh. my God!
I understand I owe you an apology.
Right. Eric?
No. no.
He owes me the apology.
But if I'm being
honest.
as hard as it is to say.
you gave me
the best orgasm I'd ever had.
Cheers to that.
Cheers.
We were both studying medicine
at the University of Nuremberg.
One day. I was parking.
I didn't see him and I ran him over!
Oh. my God! Really?
- It was love at first sight.
- Sure was.
Eight years together.
a ring. a son...
- A son?
- Yes.
Andrés and Frida are very united.
They know how to separate
sex and feelings.
Are you going to Maggie's party?
It's black and white.
- It's going to be very sexy.
- Yeah...
We haven't decided yet.
Or have we?
Do you want them to watch us?
Or would you
rather watch them?
I want to play.
I can't believe this place.
It's all so beautiful.
Is that Megan Maxwell?
My God!
I've read all her novels.
Don't be surprised if
you see some well-known faces.
Maggie's parties attract
all kinds of celebrities.
And you. darling.
you're the novelty.
What do you think?
I think I could never have
imagined myself in a place like this.
But it's crazy.
Thanks.
Well. get used to it.
because from now on.
you're one of us.
Should I be afraid?
We have to dance to this song.
Judith.
this is Alex. a very good friend.
You're so smooth.
Jud. tell me what you want.
Touch me. Touch me.
Tell me you love me.
Good morning. Judith.
Hello.
Where's Eric?
He didn't say goodbye?
No.
He didn't say anything.
Honey. when we woke up.
he had already left.
Didn't he send you a message?
Eric does these things. honey.
It's just the way he is.
Eric Zimmerman.
The number you are calling is not
available. Please try again later.
It's hard to open my eyes.
so I do it slowly.
in case you're still nearby.
I keep your memory.
like the best of secrets.
How sweet to have you inside.
There's a glimmer
of light in this darkness
that makes me feel calm.
Time calms everything.
The storm and the calm.
I'll always have the sea's soft voice.
To breathe again.
The rain that will fall
on this body and moisten
the flower that's growing inside me.
To laugh again.
Every day. to think
about you again for a moment.
The flower that's growing inside me.
To laugh again.
Every day. to think
about you again for a moment.
How to describe the corners
of my bones shattering to pieces.
The blueprint of my life collapsed.
now that everything was perfect.
And even more. you sipped my brains
and now my weight is going down.
This poor little body
that has turned into a river...
What's up. Miguelito?
Hey! How was it with Zimmerman?
Is he as big a jerk as he seems?
Even bigger!
He's the fucking Iceman.
Selfish and capricious.
Like all bosses.
And you should know. right?
How did you find out?
"Maybe in the office.
but here. I'm in charge."
Oh my...!
- What are you doing? Miguel. come out!
- Hiding!
- Come out before Mónica sees you!
- I don't care!
Don't worry.
You're a stud.
I was really impressed.
- You were?
- Yeah.
I couldn't believe it!
- You wouldn't believe how she...
- No!
Don't even go there!
I don't want to know.
OK. I'll shut up.
Judith.
I've just sent you the analysis
from London to look over.
OK.
The thing is...
I'm going to the gym now.
but I can look at it
first thing tomorrow.
First thing tomorrow.
Hi.
- Sorry.
- Sorry. I didn't hear you.
You want to use it?
No. there are more. Lots more!
I'm Judith.
Rebeca. Nice to meet you.
Likewise.
I was wondering if you'd feel like
doing some sparring?
Sure... But nice and gentle. OK?
Take that!
Hey!
That felt personal!
Try a jab. nice and slow.
No?
Let me see.
Again. very slowly.
OK.
Move your elbow.
Come back.
Protect your face. Face down.
Again.
Where did you hit?
- Here.
- No. here.
- Hit straight. aim to kill.
I'll aim to kill!
Judith. can you come here a moment?
Hello.
What can I do for you. Mónica?
From next week.
you're moving to the finance department.
Congratulations.
Mónica. I...
I know I've been...
pursuing this promotion for ages.
but I don't want special treatment.
Special treatment?
Why would I...?
This promotion comes from me. your boss.
because of all your effort
and impeccable work up until now.
Besides. you're no use
if you don't work overtime.
Now. if you don't mind.
I'm busy and your new office awaits.
Thank you. Mónica.
Damn it!
Honey?
Dad.
Everything OK?
Yeah. I just had...
some free time at the office
and I thought I'd call
to see how you were all doing.
We're OK. same as always.
Lots of expenses. not enough work...
And that's all.
Hey. did your German
like the sea anemone?
He didn't even let me try it!
Your mom's recipes never fail.
Honey.
is something wrong?
You've never spoken to me
about mom's death.
Because there's nothing to say. honey.
The main thing
is that mom's not suffering anymore
and everything's fine. Really.
What about you?
You're lonely. Dad.
That's nonsense!
I've got Raquelita
and the little one.
who fills the house with joy.
And I've got you. right?
Yes.
Honey. I...
I loved your mom so much.
I was happy before.
but when I met you mom.
she made me the happiest man alive.
And now I have you all.
The present is what's important. honey.
And those of us who are still alive.
I love you so much.
I love you more.
Cry baby!
No. I'm not!
Take care. Lots of love.
Bye. Dad. I love you.
I've been remembering
the moments
I gave you.
All the moments you gave me
and why now.
I'm here.
Sitting on the floor.
thinking about how I love you.
How I loved you so much
and how your love is essential to me.
Let me cry.
I need to get it off my chest.
Let my tears extinguish
the fire that's burning inside.
Let me cry.
I want to say goodbye in silence.
To make my mind understand
that there's no remedy for this.
Let me cry.
Judith.
I love you.
Judith. open up. or I'll shout
so the whole office can hear
that I love you.
And if you don't.
I'll get down on my knees
and make a total fool of myself.
Do you understand?
Not here. At home.
Where were you. Eric?
In Germany.
With my family.
I needed to get away from everything
and think things over.
Get away from me.
Yes.
You see...
I never thought
I could fall in love. Jud.
I never expected to feel
everything I'm feeling for you
and that really scares me.
Jud.
I want to be with you.
I really do.
As a couple.
Do you want to be my girlfriend. Jud?
Eric.
the thing is...
I don't trust you.
But...
let me prove to you that I can change.
What if you can't?
What if tomorrow. once again...
you get scared and run away?
- You don't care if you hurt me.
- Of course I do.
No. if you cared. you wouldn't
be doing this. You wouldn't be here
again... asking me again...
I'm tired.
I know it's worth it.
What if I don't love you anymore?
If...
If that's true. tell me and I'll leave
forever.
Please.
forgive me. Jud.
You're an asshole.
I know.
But from now on.
I want to show you
every day that I love you.
I don't want any more bullshit.
None.
You're going to have to work for it...
A lot.
Day and night.
How about
blanket. popcorn and movie night?
I don't have any popcorn.
- Good morning.
You snore a little. you know?
No!
- That's not true.
- Yes. but it's OK.
It's light snoring.
Like a little dog.
I don't believe you.
That's not true.
- It's adorable.
- No. stop!
Eric. you don't say things like that!
It doesn't matter.
Eric.
What?
I want...
to do something.
Anything.
Really?
OK.
You know
how I've always...
done whatever you've asked of me.
All your games and kinky stuff...
And you've enjoyed them.
Yeah. OK. fine.
I enjoyed them.
But.
one day you told me that
you have to experiment
to find out what you like.
You have to be willing.
Right?
OK. so then I'd like.
for once.
to be the one in charge
and the one who...
ties you up
and blindfolds you...
- Jud.
- and to give you pleasure.
Jud. Jud.
- What?
- You know I don't like losing control.
Yeah. OK. blondie. but...
It's your turn now.
Let me
put into practice
what you taught me. please.
I've created a monster.
- What do you want to play?
- It's a surprise.
Had you forgotten about me?
Judith.
untie me.
- Untie me!
- Calm down.
- How long have you known her?
- She's a friend.
- Don't provoke me.
- I'm not.
- Don't provoke me!
- What's wrong?
Eric!
Wow. that was dramatic.
What are you talking about?
Didn't he tell you?
Come on. think a little.
No...
Well. then I'd better
be going.
By the way.
my friends call me Betta.
Ciao.
I'd never let myself
get carried away by love like this.
Never.
And even though I'm still not sure
what happened between Eric and me.
I know that since I met him.
my life has taken on a new meaning.
Mónica?
I just read your resignation letter.
I can fire you if you like.
You deserve severance pay.
I appreciate it. Mónica. Really.
But I think that now. what I need
is to stay away from money.
Judith...
"To stay away from money"!
I've learnt that some people
aren't ready to be loved.
As for me.
I never imagined
I'd be capable of loving
the way I have these last few months.
But I haven't just found love again.
Now I'm much more aware of my body.
of who I am and what I want.
Now I know that I set the boundaries.
That there's a whole world
of sensations to be discovered.
And what's more. I can promise you
that now I feel totally free.
TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT
Something is changing in me.
I can sense it.
Something is changing in you.
I can feel it.
I'm going to find a light to illuminate
all these moments.
Letting go of everything
I have to let go of
to carry on growing.
I am what I am.
what I was destined to be.
I'm going where I'm going.
without having to lose.
I am what I am.
what I was destined to be.
I'm going where I'm going.
without having to lose.
I'm liberating myself from
the era of solitude...
BASED ON THE NOVEL:
TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT. BY MEGAN MAXWELL
I'm walking...
Conscience and freedom.
I'm walking. wide awake.
Love doesn't always start well.
And you shouldn't forget
that yours is a love story.
Hi. Judith. How are you?
How's it going?
I know right now. you don't even
know how to feel. but...
Relax. Judith. Trust me.
The best is yet to come.
You're a warrior.
You're one of ours.
Translation: Kate Moore
Subtitles: BANDAPARTE
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today